Come in , please
I swear , I chased him to the council right there
One time you say remove it , a second time you say reserve it
Everyone goes with Kurdish clothes
That is none of your business
Don't go ! Don't go !
I swear no one loves and respects law as much as I do
What ? Did you talk to me ?
They receive and they allow them
It doesn't have that of Kulera bread .
It doesn't have the thingy of Kulera bread .
My dear , you have misunderstood . 
Well , we have two types of petrol .
He is right . I saw it on TV that they had their equipment .
You don't get involved . 
Yes , sure .
The oppressed generation , the squeezed and poor generation
It is made for this thing .
I say it's ours , I don't mean to say that
Yeah , if that so , you have bought from me as much as six thousands
No one dares to mess with you , dear
He brought it to you in the midnight
Come on , you did not understood well .
Why ? Am I Hammurabi that he runs over me
So that people can use it
I swear that policeman is right . Honestly , I don't know .
Haven't you heard that the Earth rests on a bull's back
Hey dude , why don't you pick yourself up and go after your business 
Oh my god , that's crazy !
Come here , come here . Of course I know now .
Those countries that have moral police have a lot of policemen .
If you're called Muhammad Karim , then you are not from the municipality .
Alright , have you ever seen a sheep ?
But why , Mr . Karim , don't you follow him ?
Whatever . I take it and leave . I won't stay around anymore .
Look ! Look ! What are you laughing at exactly ?
He is right cause it just came to him by message now .
OK how much is petrol , please ?
Oh , how you are not welcomed !
Oh , you don't have a bit of respect for law .
For that , one should only scream on him to say
This guy doesn't have a problem ; we are old and disabled
This guy doesn't have a problem ; we are old and disabled
You come back after six months
What opium and smuggled gold ? What have you thought about here ?
I don't say anything but they are liars .
OK , but what wrong ? Make the call with the hospital telephone .
Here I say it's not ours .
You talk about those stuffs , the Kurdish national products 
I bother you
Uncle , we have two .
You look at this miserable ! My father , I am a policeman
OK , why does he need ears ? Tell me so that he also listens .
One would say you have no clue , you hapless
He has misunderstood . Give glad tidings to him .
You think they have stopped these ridiculous acts ?
Whatever ! You're leaving it , you're not leaving it , to hell .
Come so that I tell you .
Oh , please man , I myself like to not be here .
He should have gone inside .
Yes of course , it had an issue .
Only you are an experienced person and that's it .
Oh no , why is it forbidden ?
What is it ? Do you want to mess with me ?
This is not being pulled . It is being picked .
God bless you
You are so stingy ! Come on , make him four .
After all , Mrs . Badri , you are weird . That is surgery of cosmetics and stomach and etc  
Instead of saying congratulations and thank you
He is the owner of this place . Now he can .  
When he comes , please sir , go from here , OK ?
What business ? Yeah , I heard him .
Now , you were saying sir . Is there any order that we can take care of for you ?
Alright but that wretch should wait for six months ?
Hey are you fool yourself or you're trying to me one out of us ?
Why are you proud of that ?
To play with balls or marbles
Come on , out , come on , leave leave . What is this that you have sent to me ?
Welcome !
You know that one of my relatives is a professor at the university
So why don't you go to the sea and to the water ?
Yes sure . And let me tell you something
You are turning Malaysian pumpkin into Kurdish one
Yeah , he is right . It is not worth it for him .
I say spread it among all journals maybe it becomes something
And you sir , you have not understood 
He says you don't have any idea about law
They are going inside
They are distributing that of spider among people
You yourself like to call people a lot .
But how can you enter without a ticket ?
Oh no , the deficit is seven hundred and five dinars .
Yeah , wisdom , condolences ! Wisdom is doomed .
Why not , you can bring two of your relatives also .
You agree with him or go and close it .
We will send it to your house by email .
I am sure nothing is missing .
You've got it wrong
The doctor is there .
My friend isn't here . I am scolding everyone .
There is a hammock and sunflower seed shells .
Such a bastard ! I knew him , he is lying . 
He is right , those are all forbidden , dear aunt .
What a situation for God's sake
Oh no , I swear only you are right
Come on it's a shame . Why are you watching it ?
Then how do you know ?
My throat became dry with you . May god dry your throats .
I apologize . 
How are you , guys ?
Yeah , go ahead say his address .
Man , they have it . I have read in books .
Now , brother , why don't you keep your word ?
What a lie !
Now you don't need a doctor .
Please , say it say it .
What is he doing ? Is he denying ? What is he saying ?
Do whatever you like there .
He is a philosopher . He is Luqman the wise . He is Plato .
One of them Qanat road , the other one , Mowlawy road .
And I'll fill your mouth with mud ! Did I say it so badly ? 
So that he measures that thingy , that of the pressure .
I mean , we couldn't make a war out of it with politics .
Alright man , but is it worth it ?
Yeah , I'm jealous and that's it .
In the evening , wait in front of the college of humanities
Please , stop this nonsense . You've become a journalist for me .
Do you know what ? ! I swear I'll take care of you .
I swear there are many flaws in your words .
Oh , if that's so , the forefathers were right .
Yeah , I have not come for investigation .
I said lest something happen .
Hello to you , welcome Mrs . Badri . 
Come , I'm drawing the line of the road and you're shoes are dirty . Come !
You bastard , I was not talking to you ! Why did you come from there ?
Oh , you are also here ?
They want the fish to die .
And how come you don't understand how the situation is ?
Alright , goodbye , go .
Substance becomes gas from its liquid state .
I don't like to enter .
I know what it is ! I know what it is .
What have they done for them ?
I was going , he was saying that my fat is high . 
But why don't you turn it ?
Alright , man . Please , there was a ministry in that alley ; what happened to it ?
Oh my dear , let it go inside so that the doctor prescribes to him . 
I mean , why don't you call me by my name ?
But how do you know that I am going to mow the lawn ?
OK you tell me a name so that I call you by that name .
But I work with tomato every day .
Anyway , just forget about those things .
Well , I have an appointment with him . He called me . 
Knock it off ! Just go away , please .
Please , let these five thousand of yours not be on it . 
Come on ! Please , don't rebuke to me and don't let me open my mouth !
But in whose name , brother ?
And you'll smell like oil , just put it down .
I wish it was something different every day .
These is Kurdish clothing , Kurdish clothing !
Go ahead , pull it out to see if it's written or not written .
See , if you're not under this man's umbrella , I'll break you mouth . 
I told you , someone gave me appointment here .
Oh no , I can't stand it anymore , dear doctor .
I bring to you but don't move from here right now .
OK but that is whose influence on the other one ?
They like it . It's their desire and that's how it is .
Until your acquaintance comes , take advantage of this golden time of yours .
I swear I don't have it .
Come on , now don't get mad !
Well , this damn mobile phone has made my life hell .
But I need electricity for what ?
Come on , remove it , dear . Let it be on us , money doesn't matter ? !
No no , there is better than this .
Nothing of it is like that of mine , man
But it's not one lock but ten locks . Why don't you hire a guardian ? 
No , he is also whining .
I'll give it to you anyway but write it in the notebook .
They send it , well done .
Sure , but why don't you bring canned meat ? Canned meat is very delicious .
No , no , you know what ? ! It's not about praising and licking boots .
Oh my god , no way !
OK you come . You said you need the municipality for what ?
Perhaps he has slept again during the work
None of it is ours .
I swear I don't want it .
Yes , he did it on purpose .
Daddy ! Tell him .
Sure but it's curious that there is strange information about you in here .
No , it turned out for us by coincidence
Then go and tell the ministry of agriculture
That the owner of the property fix that thingy .
Shut up ! People are here . The doctor just came too .
What don't you find ?
On the other hand , they were saying that your blood sugar has dropped . 
You and I have a talk later .
Oh ! That is the thingy . I know , that is high cholesterol . 
Definitely , he won't forget .
Honestly , that makes sense . 
He is persistent ; such a persistent ; no one has been created like himself .
Dear sir , alright , which one do you want ?
Come on , close it , just close it .
Our problem ? ! Let me explain it .
I mean , why are you so cruel , Ms . Rahma ?
The road is not being trafficked by car or anything right now .
Whom , you dear sir , have thought of us ?
Sir , in this country , everyone is doing his job .
Do you see it ? See how people are wise and tasteful .
Do you see it ? See how people are wise and tasteful .
Who does say ?
May your table always be prosperous and open
I don't marry .
OK wait , Jalal and I will talk to him ourselves .
And I am so miserable .
Well , you have turned my house into a mess , Jamshid . 
My kidney is aching , this one is for my kidney , the other one for your kidney .
Why did you come down ?
Bravo , you don't have an accent .
Just wait , don't rush me .
Bring your house's deed after me .
It looks like you have reconciled .
It was better back then , you were a bit resilient .
I am exhausted .
It's good for your bad breath , eat it .
But you have to leave from here .
Mr . director suggested to give me one of the main roles . 
I recognize my son's smell .
He bothered you well .
Come in .
He is like a calf .
OK dear Nasrin , thanks .
Watch his tongue ! It looks like bread .
Once twice thrice ! Only you forget .
He is laughing with me .
You are worse than him .
You cannot even walk ! Get off .
Which one , sir ?
A car came .
Thanks , welcome .
What are these noise and scream and shriek all about ?
Mom ! What about the flower basket ? Did you forget those ?
I have something to do , give it to me .
Don't laugh .
Slowly , dear lady , slowly
Well , you don't nominate yourself ?
What is bracelet , Kle ?
But they are guests , what can I do to them ?
Mother Mina said she has some work and would come back now .
It's fine , eat your Dolma .
Nothing much is left .
But when is Nowruz ?
It's a pity , it doesn't matter .
Just forget about it dear mother , come .
In the elevator , I feel dizzy . 
You choose it yourself .
Don't mention it .
My wife , please , how did you hand that raisin to him ?
That I get into the business .
Go away , I cannot stand it anymore .
Come on , just sleep .
Done , wait I am leaving .
I don't dare coming to the other room .
They went for street fighting , they are beaten a lot and came back .
It's fine , my dear , give a kiss to your dad .
Dear sir , may god heal you .
yes indeed
Well , here it is , bring the tape and give it to me
It's not like the way that you were thinking
Speak together
Man , do you stop it or not ?
Take it away , that's childish
God , how can I tell him ?
Woman becomes annoyed , woman became vexed . Man gets angry .
Don't worry , I am not going to the city this late in the night .
Just forget about it ! What should you care ? Just forget about it .
Whoever comes , that's the list I've written . Give it to him .
You stupid , why don't you understand that a hundred people wish to join .
Damn it ! I swear it just disappeared now .
And what do the neighbors say ?
And the other one has called and says a glass is broken .
They don't let us be embarrassed in front of everyone .
I should go today and get some money from them .
So stand up and call them .
That we smuggle and get strayed but god had mercy on us
Thank you very much ! Of course you embarrassed me
Man , what has happened to you ? Don't worry .
Is it allowed to take it inside ?
Well if they are coming , they are not going to eat us , wait a bit .
No , no , don't worry . It's alright , god is great .
What do you care how many numbers I have ?
They used to take my blood twice a day .
You bastard , I'll come and kick your ass so that you never get better again
They did makeup for him when he came back .
There are some such policies that are not worth a cress .
I swear you to your father , what to you mean by that ?
Then how can I make you understand ?
Well , nothing , they have an electricity problem
Give him a gift as he won
Then I came from there and he was saying hi to you .
My dear ! I came surreptitiously so that no one would see me .