Come on , come on
Well , I 'm not going to the council on the other side
The first one says Layo and the second one says Rzrwi ke
People who look like Kurdish clothes
It has nothing to do with you
don 't go ! don 't go !
Well , I don 't think the law is respected
huh ? You were with me
They arrest him and give him permission
Hinn is not a foot cookie
Hinn is not a foot cookie
My eye , you have misunderstood
Well , we have two types of gasoline
Ras Aka was their stuff I saw on TV
Don 't get involved
Yes , it 's good
China Cheusiag , China Fliqiag and the poor
It 's not for this chat
I say it 's ours . I don 't mean to say that
You took six thousand things from me
No one has a limit to title you , God judge
Midnight is a friendly boot
Khas is a boy who doesn 't understand
Why am I Hammurabi , so let him make me a subordinate
That people can use it
By God , that policeman is right . Well , I don 't know
They don 't say the world is behind gas
Why didn 't you go to the card ?
by god it 's weird
Come here , come here , how do I know now ?
Countries with police ethics have many police
When is your name Hama Karim ? You are not a municipality
Well , never see another goat
But I say , Karim , why don 't you talk about it ?
Well , sir , I 'll pick it up
Please , please , I 'll see what you 're laughing at
He 's right , after all , he got a message
How much gasoline , please
Oh , good luck to you
You have no respect for the law
That 's what you have to shout at him
This boy is not wrong . We are old and disabled
This boy is not wrong . We are old and disabled
You come back in six months
Where is the opium and the smuggling trap ?
I don 't say anything , but they are liars
What does it do , do it with the hospital number
Here I am saying we don 't have our own
You talk about the Kurdish national products
I 'm bothering you
Uncle , we have two
You 're looking at this poor thing ! Dad , I 'm a policeman
Tell me what to listen to , Dad , so he can listen
Boy , this is what you 're doing in the ears of the cow
Well , badly understood , give him good news
You think these stupid things are gone
Hey , hey , boy , you 're leaving it , you 're not leaving it to hell
Let me tell you
Well , please , sir , I 'd like not to be here
Messiah , go home
Well , it was a deficiency
You 're just an experienced man
Why is it forbidden today ?
What do you want to title me
This is not attractive , this is wrong
Mercy on religion
After all , make him ten or four
After all , Badri Khanum , you are very beautiful
Instead , say congratulations and good luck
That 's the field here now
When he came , he said , "Sir , go here , okay ?"
What 's the matter ?
Is there any order we can carry out for you ?
So why should he wait six months ?
Are you an asshole or do you think we are assholes ? !
why are you proud of that
For artillery or heat
Yala ! go outside ! yeah go go ! What did you send me ? !
be welcome
You know , I 'm a university teacher
Why don 't they go to the sea and the water ?
Well , let me tell you one thing
You 're turning Malaysian coconut into Kurdish coconut
Are wase wa ras aka deri naire boy
I 'm telling you to look it up in all the magazines
So you don 't understand the alphabet yet
He says you have nothing to do with the law
they go home
They broadcast Kaklamooshan in the houses
You like to call people a lot
How can he go home without an ID ?
Hay Hay Hafsa and fifty dinars deficiency
no no ! Knowledge , you guys ! Knowledge is gone .
How can you have two nations ?
Keep it straight or go and close it
We will send it by email to your home
I 'm sure there 's nothing wrong with it
Awazi Tegegi
Dr . Ha Ene
I don 't have a friend either . I 'm going against the whole world .
He has a stroller and a tockle
Hey , that bastard ! He knows me , he 's lying .
That 's right , they 're all forbidden , Mimka .
When is this the case for God 's sake
Boy , by God , you 're the right one
Boy , it 's a shame you have eyes
so how do you know ? !
My throat was dry . May God dry your throats .
I 'm sorry
how are you sir
A . A . Please tell me the address
Mr . Hasian . I read it in the book .
Why don 't you talk about it ?
from that lie !
You don 't need a doctor now
Please , announcer and announcer
what 's he doing does he deny it what does he say
Do what you 're doing in that name
This is the philosopher . Laqman is a wise man . This is Plato .
One is Qanat Road , the other is Moulavi Road
So he filled my mouth with mud ! Did I say so badly ?
I want him to take the hint of the pressure
That is , we could not turn this into war through politics
Well , sir , does the world live by that ?
Yes , I 'm a tribe and oh , melt !
Evenings in front of the University of Literature
Please don 't cut it off . You 've become a journalist !
do you know what ? ! I cry for the Qur 'an
Well , there are many flaws in your words
Oh , if the ancients were right
I didn 't come to inspect and inspect
I said nothing
And Alaika , welcome to Badri Khanum
Come on , I 'll draw the road , and you 're cruel . Be !
I 'm an orphan with you ! why did you come to us
Is this you here too ?
They need to kill that fish .
How come you don 't understand what that situation is like ?
So go , God forbid , go
Matter in the liquid state becomes a gas
I don 't want to go inside
I know what ! I know what .
Why did they do what ?
I would go and he would say you have the fat .
why don 't you look for it
Well , sir . Please , there was a ministry in this street ; what happened
Oh , judge me , let him go to the doctor and write to him .
I say , why don 't you call me by my name ?
Well , how did you know I was going to cut the lawn ?
Tell me a name and I 'll call you by it .
I just work with tomatoes every day .
Oh , you stop that stuff , Bera .
Well , I have a decision in Takiana . He called me .
Come on , whisper ! Please if you don 't .
Please don 't let these five thousand tusks be on him .
Come on , come on ! Please don 't talk to me and don 't let me open my mouth !
Which of you is called , brother ?
And all your souls are oil for it , give it to us .
I wish you were something every day .
This is Kurdish clothes Kurdish clothes !
Please see if it is written or not
Boy , under the umbrella , I 'll break this man 's mouth and throat
I asked you , Kauraik is supposed to be here .
Boy , I can 't stand it , Doctor
I 'm tired of you , but don 't move here
Well , which of these effects on which ?
they like it They are desirable and they are .
Use your trap until you know him !
I don 't have it in your eyes
So please don 't go crazy !
Well , this damn phone has made my life hell
Why do I have electricity ?
The boy is dead , Maltawa . Let 's be our guests , when is the money ? !
No , no , there 's better
Nothing like mine , sir
After all , there is not one lock , but ten . Why don 't you take a blanket ? !
No , Dad , this is crushing .
Write it down in a notebook .
They sent it , thank you
Well , why don 't you buy canned meat ? Very nice canned meat .
No , no , you know , it 's not about pulling and blowing
Wow , wow , brother
well you be . You said what is your municipality for ?
You can 't always sleep on time
We don 't have anything of our own
Well , Namgark
Well , you did it by hand
my father ! tell him
It 's strange that there is so much strange information about you
Nor did it turn out to be lucky for us
Go tell the agricultural department
The property is owned by him .
Q . I 'm an orphan ! People are universities . That 's when the doctor came .
what doesn 't he find
On the other hand , they said the cannon came down
You and I should talk two later
Oh ! That 's Hine . I know , it 's cholesterol .
He will never forget it .
Well , that makes sense .
It is a denial ; One denial ; Nothing is as it is .
sir , what do you need ?
Boy , close it , sir , close it
our problem ? ! Let me plead .
Why are you so unscrupulous , Rahma Khanum ?
The road is now a car and nothing goes on it .
Why do you know who we are , aunt ?
Sir , everyone does their own thing in this country .
do you have eyes Oh , how smart and how tasteful people are .
do you have eyes Oh , how smart and how tasteful people are .
who says
May God always be zero and stable
I don 't want a wife
Jalal and I are talking together
So I 'm so lucky
Boy , you 've made my house a mess
This is for my college , this is for your college
Why did you come down ?
Well done to his accent
Stop , don 't try me
Sanad your house is my place
They have made peace
You used to be special , you were a little mental
I fell on my shoulders
Eat it for a good taste
But it can cut it here
Agha Kargardan , let me put the original maps
I know myself as a boy
You have been especially annoying
come on
Was the goer
Well , Nasrin , good luck
That 's the exact language ! he says bread
Rake two or three ! You 'll forget
He 's laughing at me
You 're worse than that
You still can 't go ! Dakhoze
which one sir
A car came
Khanat Awa , be blessed
What is this thunder , wound , noise , deep and slow ? !
Mother ! What about the basket of flowers ? Did you forget them ?
That 's my job , be me
don 't laugh
Calm down , Dad , calm down
Well , you 're not running ?
Khrkhal Ches , Kle ?
They are guests , so what can I do with them ?
Mother Mina said I have something to do
Don 't eat your dolma
It 's not a matter of time
When is Newroz ?
He is brave , he doesn 't vomit
Come on , mother
I 'm dizzy in the elevator
Choose yourself
What 's unworthy
How did the woman get this raisin ?
Pam get into the business
I didn 't have the courage anymore
it 's suffocating
Well , I 'm going to enough water
I don 't dare come to this monster
They went to the battlefield , they gave them terror and came back
I 'm not going to kiss my uncle
God bless you , sir
Ban Chaw
Boy , come to me with the tape
It 's not the kind you thought it was
Talk to each other
Are you satisfied , father ?
It 's childish
Oh , how can I tell you ?
Women are helpless . Piag is angry there .
Don 't be afraid , I 'm not going to town that night
Boy , stop it ! what 's your card Leave it alone
Whoever came , that 's my list . Biat Pe .
You stupid boy , why do three people wish to come ?
Oh , my head ! By God , Ice was lost to me
What do the neighbors say ?
The other one rings and says the glass is broken
They don 't let us be ashamed of people
I can go and take money from them today
Get up and give them a call
Smuggle and exile , so God had mercy on us
may your house be like this ! Well , you took my water
Why did that happen , sir ? don 't worry
is there permission to go home ?
Boys , they don 't eat us without a check
No , no , don 't worry , there 's nothing , God
How many numbers do you have ?
I was bleeding twice a day
I 'm an orphan , I 'm a slap in the face
They made up when he came back
There is some politics that doesn 't live in a moment
So you divorce father , what do you mean by that ?
So how do I understand it now ?
Well , it 's okay . They have electricity problems
Give him a gift if he takes it
So I came to greet you .
my dear ! I came stealthily so that no one would see me