Come on , come on
Well , I didn 't go to the council on the other side
The first time you say remove it , the second time you say remove it
People walking in Kurdish clothes
It has nothing to do with you
don 't go ! don 't go !
By Allah , no one loves and respects the law as much as I do
huh ? You were with me
They receive and give them permission
Don 't have this cooler
Don 't have this cooler
My eyes were misunderstood
Well , we have two types of gasoline
It is true that I saw on television that they were their belongings
Don 't get involved
Yes , it 's good
The oppressed and the poor
For what is set
I say it 's ours . I don 't mean to say that
You bought me six thousand things for nothing
No one dares to sacrifice you
He brought it to you at midnight
You don 't understand well , boy
For I am Hammurabi , let him bring me down
So that people can benefit from it
By God , I don 't know the policeman
They don 't say the world is on the back of a cow
Why don 't you get up and go after your card ?
It 's strange to God
Come here , come here , how do I know now ?
Countries with etiquette police have a lot of police
When your name is Hama Karim , you are not a mayor
Well , have you ever seen a sheep ?
But I say , Mr . Karim , why don 't you talk about it ?
Well , sir , I 'll pick it up and go
Come on , come on , beautiful , beautiful , I wonder what you 're laughing at
That 's right , oh , he got a message now
How difficult is gasoline ?
Don 't come back , Yalla
You have no respect for the law
That 's right to shout at him
This boy is not wrong . We are old and disabled
This boy is not wrong . We are old and disabled
You come back in six months
What do you think of the opium and gold smuggled here ?
I don 't say anything , but they are liars
So whatever the restriction , do it with the hospital number
Here I say it is not ours
You talk about these lessons Kurdish national products
I 'm upsetting Ngo
Aunt , we have two
You look at this poor thing ! My dad , I 'm a cop
Tell me what he 's listening to , Dad , so he can listen
Boy , you 're saying you 're sleeping in Malta
Well , misunderstood the good news of the decade
You think they don 't have these shit jobs anymore
Hey , hey , boy , you 're leaving it , you 're not leaving it to hell
Come on , let me tell you
Well , sir , I 'd rather not be here
He should have gone inside
Well , there were flaws , how
You 're just an experienced man
Why is it forbidden today ?
What do you want to tell me ?
This is not pulled this is stored
Mercy on the religion
Make ten or four for him
After all , Badri Khanum , you are very interested in beauty treatments , stomachs and things
Instead of saying congratulations , thank you
That 's the owner here can now
If he comes , go there , sir , okay ?
I don 't know what he was doing
Now you didn 't say there is an order to do this for you ?
Should he wait six months ?
Are you an asshole or do you think this is an asshole ? !
why are you proud of that
They 're running for football
Yala ! come out ! yalla go go ! What is this you sent me ? !
you 're welcome
Ango , you know , is a relative of ours who is a university teacher
Why don 't they go into the sea and its waters ?
Well , let me tell you one thing
You 're turning Malaysian coconut into Kurdish coconut
He seems to be right
I say turn it around in all the magazines , maybe God willing , it will be a lesson
So you haven 't understood the alphabet yet
He says you have nothing to do with the law
they go inside
They spread the spiders into the houses
You like to make a lot of calls to people yourself
Oh , how to enter without an ID
Hay hay seven hundred and fifty dinars deficiency
no no ! Knowledge , nice Ango ! Knowledge is gone .
How about you bring two relatives
Agree with him or go and close it
We will send it back to your home by email
I 'm sure there 's nothing wrong with it
You 've got it wrong
The doctor is there
Not my friend either . I 'm going against the whole world .
There are jollanas and tulips
Oh , that bijou ! He knows me , he lies to them .
That 's right , they 're all forbidden , Uncle .
When is this the case for the sake of the cycle
Boy , by God , you 're right
Boy , why are you looking at it ?
so how do you know ? !
My throat was dry with you . May God dry your throats .
I apologize
how are you sir
A . A . Please tell me the address
Sir , they have it . I have read it in ten books .
Now , brother Ango , why don 't you stop talking ?
that 's a lie !
Now Ango doesn 't want a doctor
Please tell it , tell it
what does he do does he deny it what does he say
Do what you do in the meantime
This is philosophy . Luqman Hakima . This is Plato .
One is Qanat Road , the other is Moulavi Road
So I filled your mouth with mud ! Did I say so badly ?
Instead , he should learn a lesson from the pressure
I mean , we couldn 't turn that into a war with politics
Well , sir , what does the world bring ?
I 'm brave and oh that 's it !
In the evening , he would stand in front of the faculty of literature
God forbid if he doesn 't cut those big words ! You became a journalist !
you know what ? ! I remember you with the Qur 'an
By Allah , your words contain a lot of errors
Oh , so their predecessors were right
I haven 't come to inspect
I said lest it be something
And Alaika , peace be upon you , Badr Khanum
Come on , I 'll draw the road . Your shoes are dirty . come on !
The orphan wasn 't with you ! why did you come there
are you here too
They want the fish to be killed
How come you don 't understand what that situation is like ?
Go , goodbye , go
Matter becomes a gas from a liquid state
I don 't like to go inside
I know what it is ! I know what it is .
What have they done for them ?
I would go and he would say you have fat on your head .
why don 't you play it
Well , sir . There was a ministry in those streets ; what happened
Oh , I swear to you , let him go in and get a doctor 's prescription .
I say , why don 't you call me by my name ?
Well , how did you know I was going to cut the grass ?
Tell me a name , and I 'll call you by it .
I just work with eggplant every day .
Ten you in the lap of those things .
Well , I have an agreement with them . He rang me a bell .
Ten whispers ! Please if you don 't .
Please don 't have your five thousand on it .
Come on , come on ! Please don 't talk to me and don 't let me open my mouth !
Whose name is it , brother ?
And every soul smells of oil , give it to us .
Shalla let something happen every day .
This is Kurdish clothes Kurdish clothes !
Take it out and see if it 's written on it
Boy , don 't be under the umbrella of that man
I complained that a man had given me a decision here .
I can 't stand it anymore , Doctor
I 'll bring it to you , but don 't move here right now
Well , whose influence is that on whom ?
they like it . They are desirable and they are .
Take advantage of your golden time until you get to know him !
I don 't have it in your eyes
God , come on , don 't go crazy !
Well , that damn phone hasn 't made my life hell
Why do I have electricity ?
Boy ten lays , Malta . Let him be our guest , when is money a thing ? !
No , no , there 's better
Nothing like mine , sir
Oh , not one lock , ten locks . Why don 't you take a blanket ? !
No , Dad , this will crumble .
I 'll give it to you , but write it down in his notebook .
They sent it oh thank you
Well , why don 't you bring canned meat ? Very nice canned meat .
No , no , you know what , well , they 're talking about it
Wow , wow , brother
come to see you . Why do you have a municipality ?
He must not have fallen asleep while working again
Nothing of our own
Well , I don 't want to
Well , he did it on purpose
my father ! tell him
Yes , but strangely , there is a lot of strange information about you
Nor did it turn out to be lucky for us
Go tell the agriculture department
The owner of the property should fix it .
Ws orphan ! People are sitting down . That 's when the doctor came .
what doesn 't he see
On the other hand , they said your blood sugar was low
You and I will talk about two things later
Oh ! That 's a lesson . I know , it 's high cholesterol .
He certainly doesn 't remember .
Well , that makes sense .
it is a doubter ; One is a doubter ; Things have never been created as they are .
Sir , well , which one do you want ?
Boy , put it back , sir
our problem ? ! Let me plead .
Why are you so unscrupulous , Rahma Khanum ?
The road is not trafficked now .
Who do you understand this for , aunt ?
Sir , in this country everyone does their own thing .
do you have eyes Oh , how smart and how tasteful people are .
do you have eyes Oh , how smart and how tasteful people are .
who says
May your table always be open
I don 't marry
Wait , Jalal and I will talk to him ourselves
So I 'm so unfortunate
Boy , you 've turned my house into a lion 's den
I can go to college , that 's for my college , and that 's for Ngo 's college
Why did you bring Ango down ?
Well done without an accent
Stand up , don 't hurry me
Bring your home documents to me
They seem to have been restored
You used to be good , you were a rice brain
I 'm weak
It 's good for your smell , eat it
Well , you have to go here
Mr . Kargardan has offered to give me one of the original maps
I know the smell of my son
He 's been a good interrupter
come on
Like a ball
Well , Nasrin , thank you
His eyes are his tongue ! you say bread
Once , twice , three times ! You 're the one who remembers
He 's laughing with me
You 're worse than him
You still can 't walk ! get off
who 's there sir
A car came
May your house be prosperous
What 's this noise ? !
Mother ! What about the flower basket ? have you forgotten them
My job is , give it to me
don 't laugh
Calm down , Dad , calm down
Well , Ango , don 't you run ?
What 's a circle , clay ?
They are ten guests , what can I do with them ?
Mother Mina said that Niske had a job and was coming back now
It doesn 't matter if you eat your dolma
There 's nothing left
when is it for newroz
It 's a shame , it doesn 't matter
Look for him , Mother , come
My eyes are spinning in the elevator
Choose your own
It 's an unbelievable thing
The woman: I swear to you , how did you get that raisin ?
Get my feet into the job
I don 't have the courage anymore
b
Well , wait , I 'll go
I don 't dare come over
They went to the neighborhood war , they beat them and they came back
Don 't worry , my sweetheart , give your uncle a kiss
God bless him , sir
over the eyes
Boy , come and give me the ribbon
It 's not the way you thought it was
Talk together
Will you give up , Dad ?
Like it , it 's childish
Oh , how can I tell him ?
The woman must be tired . The woman was helpless . The man gets angry .
Don 't be afraid to remember me the night I don 't go to the city
Boy , look for him . What have you given him ? Look for him
Whoever came , I wrote the list . give it to him .
You stupid boy , why don 't you understand that a hundred people wish to come ?
Oh , shit on me ! By God , Alhan disappeared from me
What do the neighbors say ?
The other one called and said the glass was broken
We will not allow ourselves to be embarrassed
I have to go and get money from them today
Get up and give him a call
Smuggled and exiled , but God had mercy on us
Don 't take the house for granted ! Well , you 've embarrassed me
Why are you like that , sir ? don 't worry
are we allowed to come in
Boy , they won 't eat us . Wait a minute
No , no , don 't cry , it 's okay , God is great
what card did you give me how many numbers do i have
They took my blood twice a day
Orphan , I 'll get up and slap you so you don 't get any tea
They made up if he came back
There are some policies that don 't break the dirty net
So you divorced your father , what do you mean by that ?
So how can I explain it to you now
Well , they have no electricity problems
A gift of ten if you won
So I came there to greet you .
I 'm a person ! I came stealing so that no one would see me