Come on , come on
Well , I didn 't chase him until the other council
Take it out the first time , take it out the second time
People walking in Kurdish clothes
It has nothing to do with you
don 't go ! don 't go !
Well , nobody loves the law as much as I do
huh ? You were with me
They receive and give them permission
Don 't have this cookie on it
It doesn 't have a cookie haram
My eyes are badly hurt
Well , we have two types of gasoline
It was true that I saw on television that it was their belongings
Don 't get involved
it 's okay
The oppressed , the poor and the needy
For what was put
I 'm saying it 's ours , I don 't mean to take it
You bought me six thousand things
No one has a limit to you , my eye
He brought it at midnight
You don 't understand well , boy
Why am I Hamurabim , then he will make me the bottom ?
So that people can use it
By God , he 's right . I don 't know the policeman
The world is on the back of a cow
Why don 't you go to two jobs ?
by god it 's weird
Come here , come here , where do I know now ?
Countries with etiquette police have a lot of police
When your name is Hama Karim , you are not the mayor
Well , have you ever seen a sheep ?
I 'm just saying , Mr . Karim , why don 't you talk ?
All right , sir , I 'll take it and I 'll disappear around
Ka ka beautiful beautiful I watched what you were laughing at
That 's right , oh , he came to Loy by letter now
How much gasoline is it ?
Oh , welcome back , Yakho
You have no respect for the law
That 's right to shout at him
That boy is not wrong
That boy is not wrong . This is old and disabled
You come back in six months
How do you understand why opium and smuggled gold are here ?
I 'm not saying anything , but they 're liars
Well , then it doesn 't matter , do it on the hospital phone
Here I am saying it is not ours
You talk about those Kurdish national products
I don 't mind Ango
Khara , we have two
Look at the poor man ! My dad , I 'm a cop
What does Dad listen to ? Tell me so he can listen
Boy , you can 't get out of Mart 's sleeping cow 's ear
Well , you misunderstood the good news
You think they don 't have those dirty deeds anymore
Oh , boy , don 't leave him , don 't leave him to hell
Come on , let me take you
Please , sir , I don 't want to be here
He should have gone inside
Well , he had a deficiency
But you are an experienced man
It 's forbidden today
What do you want to tell me ?
It is not pulled , it is held
Mercy on the religion
Oh , so humiliating , make him a square
Oh , Badri Khan , you are watching this cosmetic surgery
Thank you instead of congratulations
He 's the owner here now you know
When his time came , he said , "Go here , sir , okay ?"
What 's the job and what 's the thing ? I heard that
Now you were saying , do you have an order for us to do this for you ?
Well , should he wait six months ?
Are you an asshole or do you think this is an asshole ? !
why are you proud of that
Lo topane yan kelayane
Yala ! come out ! yalla go go ! What did you send me ? !
welcome to you
Ango , you know , my relative is a teacher at the university
Why don 't they go to the sea and its waters ?
Well , then let me take you something
I 'm converting Malaysian code into Kurdish code
Well , he 's right
I 'm going to put it in all the newspapers
Then you haven 't understood the alphabet yet
You have nothing to do with the law
they go inside
They distribute these grandmothers to the snakes
You like to make a lot of noise yourself
Oh , where can you go in without worrying ?
AA , it is seven and fifty dinars deficient
no no ! Knowledge , nice Ango ! Knowledge is gone .
Well , you saw two relatives
If you agree or go to the door
We will email it back to Mr . Mary
I emphasize that there is no deficiency
You understood it well
The doctor is there
I don 't have a friend either . I 'm going against the whole world .
There are jollanas and bulletproof vests
Oh , live there ! He knew me , he was lying
That 's right , they 're all forbidden , dear .
  That 's the situation for God 's sake
Boy , no , by God , you 're right
Boy , it 's a shame you 're watching
how do you know ? !
My throat was dry with you . May God dry your throats .
I apologize
where is it sir
Come on , take your address
Mr . Haitian . I read it from the book .
Now , Mr . Ango , why don 't you stop talking ?
from that lie !
Now you don 't want a doctor
Please take it away
what does he do is he stubborn what 's out
Do what you do in that name
That 's the philosopher . Luqman Hakima . That 's Plato .
One is Qanat Road and the other is Moulavi Road
Then I filled your mouth with mud ! Did I say that badly ?
Maybe the thing you cry for is the pressure
I mean , we couldn 't do that with politics
Well , sir , what do you give the world ?
I 'm jealous and oh that 's it !
Stand in front of the College of Arts in the evening
Please if you don 't cut those big words . I 've become a Sahafi !
you know what ? ! I remember you with the Qur 'an
By Allah , by Allah , there are many errors in your words
Oh , if the ancients were right
A neshatime lo taftish w maftish
I said lest you become something
And Alayka Salam , may God welcome you , Badr Khan
Come on , I 'll draw the road . Your shoes are dirty . come on !
I wasn 't an orphan with you ! did you come there
That 's what you 're here for
They want the fish to be killed .
Where do you not understand where that situation is ?
Go on , God bless you
Matter goes from a liquid state to a gas
I don 't want to go inside
I know what it is ! I know what it is .
What have they done to you ?
I was going to say you 're too fat
why don 't you play
Well , sir . Please , there was a ministry with these boys ; what happened
I swear to you , let 's go to Dr . Loy 's room and write .
Why don 't you call me by my name ?
Well , you know I 'm going to cut the grass
Give me a name so I can call you by it .
But I work with tomatoes every day .
Let 's stop doing that .
Well , I have an appointment with him . He called me .
Ten whispers ! Please if you don 't leave .
Please don 't get the five thousand .
Come on , come on ! Please don 't talk to me so I don 't open my mouth !
Is it called Kihantan , brother ?
and all your souls shall smell the odor of oil .
Shalla every day something wind .
This is Kurdish clothes Kurdish clothes !
Take it out and see if it 's written on it or not
Boy , I 'll break your mouth and neck
I asked them and a man gave me an appointment here .
I can 't stand it anymore , Doctor
I 'll give you a lot , but don 't move here right now
Well , is that the effect of the universe on the universe ?
They like it . They are hopeful and they are .
Take advantage of your golden time until you meet him !
I don 't have it in your eyes
Please don 't go crazy !
Well , it 's not that damn phone that made my life hell
Why do I have electricity ?
Boy , take it away , Mart , be like that . When is money a thing ? !
No , no , there is better
Nothing like mine , sir
There is not one lock , there are ten locks .
No , Dad , he 's writing too .
I 'll give it to you , just write in his notebook .
They sent it , thank you
What about the meat ? Very nice meatballs .
No , no , you know , it 's not about praising
Wow , wow , brother
come on you Why did you say you have a municipality ?
You should not sleep while working again
We don 't have anything of our own
I don 't want to answer
Well , he did it on purpose
my father ! give it to him
It 's just an antique with a lot of wonderful information about you
No , it turned out to be blame
Go to the Bre Agriculture Department
The owner of the deer fixed that .
Ws orphan ! Khark is sitting down . That 's when the doctor came .
what don 't you see
On the other hand , they said your sugar was down
Atosh and I will talk about two things later .
Oh ! That 's the thing . I know , it 's branded cholesterol .
Of course he won 't forget .
Well , that makes sense .
the stubbornness ; one stubbornness ; Wachi things haven 't happened yet .
Sir , well , who do you want ?
Boy , cover it , sir , cover it
our problem ? ! Let me plead .
Why are you so unconscionable , Rahma Khan ?
The road is not trafficked now .
Who do you understand this by ?
Sir , in a country where everyone does their own thing .
do you know Oh , how rich and cheap people are
do you know Oh , how rich and alive people are
who 's out
May your table be prosperous
I 'm Nain 's wife
Wait , Jalal and I will talk to him ourselves
I 'm so miserable
Boy , you turned my snake into a lion
My kidney hurts , it 's for my kidney , it 's for Ngo 's kidney
Why did you come down ?
Well done without an accent
Stand up , don 't hurry me
See the size of your snake in the second
They seem to have reunited
You were better before , you were a little more restrained
I couldn 't stand it anymore
Lo Bonnie would say okay , eat it
You just have to go here
Mr . Mukhrij decided to give me one of the main roles
I recognize the smell of my son
Well , he bothered us
come on
It 's like a goal
Well , Nasrin , thank you
Look at the language ! outside the bread
Once , twice , three times ! You 'll still forget
He 's laughing hot
You 're faster than that
You can 't go anywhere ! get off
Who are they , sir ?
A car came
Mart is prosperous , charitable
What is this noise ? !
Mother ! What about the flower basket ? Did you forget those ?
My job is to give it to me
don 't laugh
Patience , Dad , patience
Well , Ango , don 't you run ?
What 's a circle , clay ?
They are ten guests , what can I do with them ?
Mother Mina said she had some work to do and would be back now
It doesn 't matter , eat your dolma
There 's nothing left
Why is Newroz so beautiful ?
It 's a shame , it doesn 't bind
Look for him , Mother , come
My head is spinning in the elevator
Choose it yourself
It 's not worth it
The woman said , "I swear to you , where did you get those raisins ?"
Get me into the job
I couldn 't stand it anymore
go to bed
Well , wait , I 'll go
I don 't dare come over
We went to a neighborhood battle , they beat us and we came back
It doesn 't matter , my sweetheart , give me a kiss , sir
Sir , God healed you
over the eyes
Boy , let 's see the tape
It 's not the kind you thought it was
Talk together
Will you leave me or not ?
Like it , it 's childish
O cry , where shall I go ?
The woman was helpless . Man , you 'll be angry .
Don 't be afraid the night I don 't go to the city of emphasis
Boy , look for it ! what 's your relationship look for it
Whoever came , I wrote the list . give it to him .
You stupid boy , why don 't you understand that a hundred people want to come ?
Oh , shit on me ! By God , he disappeared from me now
What about the neighbors ?
The other one hit the tip and the glass was broken
We will not allow ourselves to be embarrassed
I have to go and get money from them today
Get up and call him
Smuggled and exiled , but God had mercy on us
Martan , so be it ! Well , you took my shame
Why are you like this , sir ? don 't worry
We are allowed to come inside
Boys , they 're coming to eat us
No , no , don 't cry , it 's okay , God is great
what 's your right how many numbers i have
They took blood from me twice a day
Orphan , I 'll give you a slap without any tea
They dressed him up when he came back
There are some policies that don 't bring a piece of mud
So you 're your father 's wife , what do you mean by that ?
Let me explain to you now
Well , nothing , they have an electricity problem
Give him a gift if he won
I came there and he was greeting you .
my life ! I came stealing until no one saw me