Come on , come on
Well , I didn 't hunt for the council on that front
The first time you say it , the second time you say I 'm going to perform Hajj
People wearing Kurdish clothes
It has nothing to do with you
don 't go ! don 't go !
Well , the law doesn 't love or respect anyone as much as I do
huh ? You were with me
They accept and we give them permission
Heaney doesn 't have cookies
Heaney doesn 't have cookies
My eye you misunderstood
Well , we have two types of gasoline
It 's true that I saw it on TV
Don 't get involved
Yes , it 's good
The oppressed and the poor
It 's set up for this
I say it 's his , I don 't mean to say that
He bought me a thousand things
There is no limit to the opinion
He brought it to you at midnight
You don 't understand well , son
For me , I am Hammurabi , and then he will bring me down
So that people can use it
By God , I don 't know if that policeman is right
They don 't say the world is on the back of a cow
Oh , sir , why don 't you get up and go to work ?
by god it 's weird
Come here , come here , how do I know ?
Countries with etiquette police have a lot of police
When is your name Hama Karim ? You are not a municipality
We 've never seen a sheep
I tell him , Mr . Karim , why don 't you talk to him ?
Sir , I 'll pick it up and leave
Come on , come on , beautiful , beautiful , look at what you 're laughing at
He 's right , he got a message
How difficult is gasoline ?
Don 't come back , please
You have no respect for the law
That 's right to shout at him
This boy is not wrong . We are old and disabled
This boy is not wrong . We are old and disabled
You come back in six months
Where is the opium and gold smuggled here ?
I am no nanal that they are liars
What does he do , be normal in the hospital ?
Here I say it is not ours
You talk about the Kurdish national products
I 'm bothering you
We have an aunt
Look at this poor thing ! My father , I’m a cop
Why does he have ears ? Tell me so he can hear them
Boy , you 're saying you 're sleeping in the ears of a cow
Well , he misunderstood the good news
You think these boys don 't have any more verbs
Hey , hey , boy , you 're leaving it , you 're not leaving it to hell
Come on , let me tell you
Well , please , sir , I wish I wasn 't here
He must go inside
Well , there were flaws , how
But you 're an experienced man
Why is it forbidden today ?
What opinion do you want to tell me ?
This is not pulled . This is stored
Mercy on religion
Ten bastards ten quadrants to make that
After all , Badri Khan , you are very interested in cosmetic surgery and abdominal surgery
Instead of saying congratulations , thank you
Well , the owner here can do that
When he came , he said , "Go there , Mr . Ab , okay ?"
What 's his job and what 's the thing ? I heard that
Now you didn 't say it . When do we have an order to carry out ?
Should we wait six months ?
Are you an asshole or do you think we are assholes ? !
why are you proud of
For balls balls or balls
come on ! Get out of here ! yeah go go ! What is this you sent me ? !
you 're welcome
You know , a relative of mine is a teacher in Jami
Why don 't they go to the sea and the water ?
Well , then let me tell you one thing
You 're turning Malaysian coconut into Kurdish coconut
Well , he doesn 't bring it out for him
I say turn it into all the newspapers and this god be Hin
And you haven 't understood the alphabet yet
He says that there is no repression with the law
They go inside
Spiders are scattered in our houses
You like to tip people a lot
How could he go in without worrying ?
Hay Hay Hausa and fifty dinars deficiency
no no ! Knowledge , you are happy ! Knowledge is gone .
How about you bring two relatives ?
Agree or go and close it
We will send it back to your home by email
My emphasis is not flawed
Linga and Qucha you have understood
She 's a doctor
I don 't have my friend either . I 'm going against the whole world .
There are carriages and rose petals
Oh , that tyrant ! He knows me , he 's lying .
That 's right , they 're all forbidden , uncle .
When is the situation for God 's sake
Boy , by God , you 're still throwing it
Boy , it 's a shame you 're looking
so how do you know ? !
My throat was dry with you . May God dry your throats .
I 'm sorry
how are you sir
Oh , come on , tell me your address
Sir , they have it . I have read it in books .
Why don 't you stop talking ?
that 's a lie !
Now you don 't want a doctor
Please read it again
what 's he doing does he deny it what does he say
Do what you do in the meantime
This is the philosopher . Luqman Hakima . This is Plato .
One is Qanat Road , the other is Moulavi Road
So I filled that mouth with mud ! Did I say so badly ?
Instead , he should take the pressure
In other words , we could not turn this into a war with politics
Well , sir , does the world bring that ?
Yes , I 'm brave and oh well !
In the evening , he should stand in front of the College of Ethics
Please if you don 't cut these big words . You 've become a Sahafi !
do you know what ? ! I remember you with the Qur 'an
There are many flaws in your words
Oh , so the ancients were right
I haven 't come to inspect
I said maybe something
And welcome , O Badri Khan
Come on , I 'll draw the road , and your shoes are dirty . come on !
Orphan I wasn 't with you ! did you come there
This is where you are
They want to kill the fish .
How come you don 't understand what that situation is like ?
Go ahead , say goodbye
Matter goes from a liquid state to a gas
I don 't want to go inside
I know what it is ! I know what it is .
What have they done for them ?
I would go and he would say you are fat and tall .
why don 't you play it
Well , sir . There was a ministry in this street ; what 's up
Oh , I swear to you , let him go in and have a doctor prescribe it .
I say , why don 't you call me by my name ?
Well , how did you know I was going to cut the grass ?
Tell me a name and I 'll call you by it .
But I work with tomatoes every day .
O you , stop those things too .
Well , I have an appointment with him . He called me .
Ten whispers ! Please if you don 't .
Please don 't have your five thousand on it .
Come on , come on ! Please don 't talk to me and don 't let me open my mouth !
Which of you , brother ?
And all your souls smell of oil , give it to us .
Shalla would be something every day .
This is Kurdish clothes Kurdish clothes !
Please take it out and see if it is written on it
Boy , if you don 't come under this man 's umbrella , I 'll break your mouth
I complained that a man had given me an appointment here .
I can 't stand it anymore , Doctor
I 'll bring it to you , but don 't move here right now
Well , which one does that affect ?
they like it It is hopeful and watery .
Take advantage of this golden time until you meet him !
I don 't have it in your eyes
Well , please come on , don 't go crazy !
Well , it 's not this damn phone that has made my life hell
Why do I have electricity ?
Boy , take it , be without district . Let 's earn our own income , when is money a thing ? !
No , no , there is better
Nothing like me , sir
After all , there isn 't one lock , there are ten . Why don 't you take the carpet ? !
No , Dad , he 's crumbling .
But write it down in the notebook .
They sent it oh thank you
Well , why don 't you bring canned meat ? Very nice canned meat .
No , no , you know what , it 's not about praising
Wow , wow , brother
well you come You said what is your municipality for ?
He cannot fall asleep at work again
We don 't have anything of our own
Well , I don 't want to
Well , he did it with his hands
my father ! Tell him
Yes , but strangely , there is a lot of strange information about you
No , it turned out to be a coincidence for us
Go tell the Department of Agriculture
The owner of the property fixes it .
Ws orphan ! People are sitting down . That 's when the doctor came .
What doesn 't he find ?
On the other hand , they said your blood sugar was low
Let 's talk to you and me later
Oh ! That 's Hine . I know , it’s high cholesterol .
Of course he doesn 't remember .
Well , that makes sense
It is a denial ; One denial ; Things have never been created as they are .
Sir , well , which one do you want ?
Boy , close it , sir , close it
our problem ? ! Let me plead .
Why are you so unscrupulous , Rahma Khan ?
The road is not trafficked now .
Who do you understand us to be , aunt ?
Sir , everyone does their own thing in this country .
do you have eyes Oh , how smart and tasteful people are .
do you have eyes Oh , how smart and tasteful people are .
who says
May your table always be prosperous and open
I don 't marry
Jalal and I will talk to him ourselves
So I am so miserable
Boy , you 've turned my house into a lion 's den
My bear hurts , this for my bear , this for your bear
Why did you guys come down ?
Well done without an accent
Wait , don 't hurry me
Follow me the table of your house
They appear to have reconciled
You used to be good , a little resilient
I fell on my shoulders and knees
Good for your mouth odour , eat it
But you have to go here
Mr . Mukhrij has offered to give me one of the main roles
I know the smell of my son
He has tormented them well
come on
It 's like the bull
Well , Nasrin , thank you
Strange his language ! you say bread
Once two or three ! you 're the one who forgets
He 's laughing with me
You are worse than him
You just can’t go on the road ! get off
which one sir
A car came
Good morning , good luck
What is this ? !
Mother ! What about the flower basket ? Did you forget those ?
My job is , give it to me
don 't laugh
Calm down , Dad , calm down
Well , you guys aren’t running ?
What 's a circle , clay ?
They are guests , so what can I do with them ?
Mother Mina said she had some work to do and would be back now
Eat your dolma
There 's nothing left
when is newroz
It 's a shame , he doesn 't vomit
Look for him , Mother , come
I 'm dizzy in the elevator
Choose it yourself
It 's not worth it
The woman said , "How did you get this banana ?"
Get my feet into the job
Lacho I couldn 't stand it anymore
go to sleep
Okay , stop it , I 'm going
I don 't dare come over
They went to the neighborhood war , they beat them and they came back
Give your uncle a kiss
May God heal you , sir
over the eyes
Boy , come and give me the tape
It 's not the way you thought
Talk together
Are you going to give up , Dad ?
Labour , it 's childish
Oh , how can I tell him ?
The woman was helpless . The man gets angry .
Don 't worry , I 'm not going to town that night
Boy , look for it ! what 's your relationship look for it
Whoever came , that’s what I wrote the list . give it to him .
You stupid boy , why don 't you understand that a hundred people wish to come ?
oh shit on me ! By God , he 's gone from me now
What do the neighbors say ?
The other one nodded and said the glass was broken
We will not allow ourselves to be embarrassed
I have to go and get money from them today
Get up and give him a call
Smuggled and exiled , but God had mercy on us
may your house be like this ! Well , you 've embarrassed me
Why are you like that , sir ? don 't worry
Are we allowed to come in ?
Boy , they 're not coming to eat us . Wait a minute
No , no , don 't cry , it 's okay , God is great
what do you care how many numbers i have
They took my blood twice a day
Orphan , I 'll get up and give you a slap
They beautified him when he came back
There are some policies that don 't bring dirty nets
So you divorced your father , what do you mean by that ?
So how can I explain it to you now
Well , nothing , they have an electricity problem
Give him a gift if he won
Then I came there to greet you .
my life ! I came stealing so that no one would see me