Come on, come on
Well, I don't want to go back to the council
The first one says Layo and the second one says Rzrwi ke
People wearing Kurdish clothes
It has nothing to do with you
don't go! don't go!
Well, as far as I'm concerned, the law doesn't have to be respected
huh? You were with me
They arrest and give permission
Hinn is not a foot cookie
Hinn is not a foot cookie
My eye, you have misunderstood
Well, we have two types of gasoline
It's true that I saw their stuff on television
Don't get involved
Yes, it's good
China Cheusiag, China Fliqiag and the poor
It's not for this chat
I say it's ours. I don't mean to say that
You have taken away six thousand things from me
No one has a limit to title you, God judge
It's halfway through
You don't understand well, boy
Why am I Hammurabi and then he makes me a subordinate?
That people can use it
By God, he's right, it's the police. I don't know
They don't say the world is behind gas
Why didn't you go to your card?
by god it's weird
Come here, come back, how do I know now?
It is countries that have police etiquette that have many police
When is your name Hama Karim? You are not a municipality
Well, never see another goat
But I say, Ka Karim, why don't you talk about it?
Well, sir, I'll pick it up and leave
Come on, come on, let me see what you're laughing at
That's right, he got a message now
How much gasoline, please
Oh, good luck to you
You have no respect for the law
That's what you have to shout at him
This boy is not wrong. We are old and disabled
This boy is not wrong. We are old and disabled
You come back in six months
Where is the opium and the smuggling trap?
I don't say anything, but they are liars
What does it do, do it with the hospital number
Here I say we don't have our own
You talk about the Kurdish national products
I'm going to bother you
Uncle, we have two
You're looking at this poor thing! Dad, I'm a policeman
Tell me why Bauda has ears, so let him have ears
Boy, this is what you watered in the ears of the sleeping cow of your house
Well, he's got good news
You think these stupid things are gone
Hey, hey, boy, you're leaving it, you're not leaving it to hell
Let me tell you
Well, please, sir, I'd like not to be here
Messiah go home
Well, it was a deficiency
You're just an experienced man
Why is it forbidden today?
What do you want to title me
This is not attractive, this is wrong
Mercy on religion
After all, make him ten or four
After all, Badri Khanum, you are very surprised
Instead, say congratulations
That's what Sahew can do now
When that came, he said, "Go away, sir, okay?"
What's the job and what's the thing?
Now, sir, didn't you say, is there an order we can carry out for you?
So why wait six months?
Are you an asshole and you think we are assholes?!
why are you proud of that
They fled to the artillery
Yala! go outside! yeah go go! What are you sending me?!
be welcome
You know, I am a teacher in the university
Why don't they go to the sea and the water?
Well, then let me tell you one thing
You're turning Malaysian coconut into Kurdish coconut
He's right, he doesn't show it to him
I say look it up in all the magazines, maybe this will be yours
And you don't understand the alphabet yet
He says you have nothing to do with the law
They go home
They broadcast the Kaklamooshan in the households
You like to call people a lot
How could he go home without worrying?
Hay Hay Hafsa and fifty dinars deficiency
no no! Knowledge, you guys! Knowledge is gone.
How can you have two nations?
Go close it with it
We will email it back home, sir
I'm sure there's nothing wrong with it
Awazi Tegegi
Dr. Ha Ene
I don't have a friend either. I'm going against the whole world.
He has a stroller and a tockle
Hey, that bastard! He knows me, he's lying.
That's right, they're all forbidden, Mimka.
When is this the case for God's sake
Boy, by God, you're the right one
Boy, it's a shame you have eyes
then how do you know?!
My throat was dry. May God dry your throats.
I apologize
how are you sir
A. A. Please tell me the address
Mr. Hasian. I read it in books.
Now, sir, why don't you stop talking?
from that lie!
Now you don't need a doctor
Please tell me, tell me
what's he doing does he deny it what does he say
Do what you do in that name
This is the philosopher. Laqman is a wise man. This is Plato.
One is Qanat Road, the other is Moulavi Road
Then that filled my mouth with mud! Did I say I don't like water?
I think it's the pressure
That is, we could not turn this into war through politics
Well, sir, does the world live by that?
Yes, I'm a tribe and oh, melt!
Evenings in front of the University of Literature
Please if you don't cut this stupid talk. You've become a journalist!
do you know what?! I pray for the Qur'an
Well, Bella, there is a lot of flaw in your words
Oh, if the ancients were right
I didn't come to inspect and inspect
I said nothing
And Alaika, welcome to Badri Khanum
Come on, I'll draw the road, and you're cruel. Be!
I'm an orphan with you! why did you come to us
Is this you here too?
It's a killer fish.
How come you don't understand how that is?
So go, God forbid, go
Matter in the liquid state to be gaseous
I don't want to go inside
I know what! I know Ches.
Why did they do what?
I would go and he would say you have your fat.
why don't you look for it
Well, sir. Please, there was a ministry in this street; what happened
Oh, judge me, let him go to the doctor and write to him.
I say, why don't you call me by my name?
Well, how did you know I was going to cut the lawn?
Tell me a name and I'll call you.
I just work with tomatoes every day.
Oh, you stop that stuff, Bera.
Well, I agree with them. He called me.
Come on, whisper! Please if you don't.
Please don't let these five thousand viruses fall on him.
Come on, come on! Please don't talk to me and don't let me open my mouth!
Which of you, brother?
And all your souls are oil for it, give it to us.
I wish you were something every day.
This is Kurdish clothes Kurdish clothes!
Please see if it is not written
Boy, under the umbrella, I'll break this man's mouth and throat
I asked you, Kauraik, here's the appointment.
Boy, I can't stand it, Doctor
I'm tired of you, but don't move here right now
Well, which of these effects on which?
They like it. They are desirable and they are.
Use your trap until you know it!
I don't have it in your eyes
So please don't go crazy!
Well, this damn phone has made my life hell
Why do I have electricity?
The boy is dead, Maltawa. Let's have our own guests, when is the money?!
No, no, there's more
Nothing like mine, sir
After all, there is not one lock, but ten. Why don't you take a blanket?!
This is not common.
Write it down in a notebook.
They sent it oh thank you
Well, why don't you canned meat? Very nice canned meat.
No, no, you know what it is
Wow, wow, brother
well you be. You said what is your municipality for?
You can't always sleep at work
We don't have anything of our own
Well, Namgark
Well, you did it by hand
my father! tell him
But it's strange that there is so much strange information about you
Nor did it turn out to be lucky for us
Go tell the agriculture department
The property is owned by Khasi Ka E Hine.
Q. I'm an orphan! People are universities. That's when the doctor came.
what doesn't he find
On the other hand, they said it came down from the cannon
You and I should talk two later
Oh! That's Hine. I know, it's cholesterol.
Of course he won't forget.
Well, that makes sense.
It is a denial; One denial; Things are not as they are.
sir, what do you need?
Boy, close it, sir, close it
our problem?! Let me plead.
Why are you so unscrupulous, Rahma Khanum?
The road is now a car and nothing goes.
Why do you know who we are, aunt?
Sir, everyone does their own thing in this country.
do you have eyes Oh, how smart and how tasteful people are.
do you have eyes Oh, how smart and how tasteful people are.
who says
May God always water it from scratch and keep it stable
I don't want a wife
Jalal and I are talking together
And I'm so lucky
Boy, you've made my house a mess
This is for my college, this is for your college
Why did you come down?
Well done to his accent
Stop, don't try me
Sanad your house is my place
They have made peace
You used to be good, you were a little mental
I fell on my shoulders
Eat it for a good taste
But it can cut it here
Agha Mukhrij suggested the original maps to me
I know myself as a boy
You've been a good bother
come on
Was the goer
Well, Nasrin, thank you
Fine language it! you say bread
Rake two or three! You're the one who forgets
He's laughing at me
You're worse than that
You still can't go! Dakhoze
which one sir
A car came
Khanat Awa, be blessed
What is this Zrm, Zam, Harda, Qulqul and Firafir?!
Mother! What about the basket of flowers? Did you forget them?
That's my job, be me
don't laugh
Calm down, Dad, calm down
Well, you're not running?
Khrkhal Ches, Kle?
They are guests, so what can I do with them?
Mother Mina said I have some work to do
Don't eat your dolma
It's not a matter of time
When is Newroz?
He is brave, he doesn't vomit
Bring me back, Mother
I'm dizzy in the elevator
Choose yourself
It's an unworthy thing
How did the woman get this raisin?
Pam get into the business
I didn't have the courage anymore
it's suffocating
Well, I'm going to enough water
I don't dare come to this monster
They went to the battlefield, they gave them terror and came back
I don't want to kiss my uncle
God bless you, sir
Ban Chaw
Boy, come to me with the tape
It's not what you thought it was
Talk to each other
Are you satisfied with the father?
It's childish
Oh, how can I tell you?
Women are helpless. The man is angry there.
Don't worry, I'm not going to town tonight
Boy, stop it! what's your card Leave it alone
Whoever came, that's my list. Biat Pe.
You stupid boy don't understand why a hundred people wish to come
Oh, shit on my head! By God, Ice was lost to me
What do the neighbors say?
The other one rings and says the glass is broken
They don't let us be ashamed of people
I might go and take money from them today
Get up and give them a call
Smuggle and exile and then God will have mercy on us
May your house be flooded! Well, you took my water
Why did that happen, sir? don't worry
is it permissible to come home
Boys, they don't eat us enough
No, no, don't worry, there's nothing, God
what's your card how many numbers do i have
I was bleeding twice a day
I'm an orphan, I'm a slap in the face
They made up when he came back
There is some politics that doesn't live in a flash
Then you divorce, father, what do you mean by that?
Then how do I understand it now
Well, it's okay. They have an electrical problem
Give him a gift if he takes it
Then I came to greet you.
my dear! I came stealthily so that no one would see me