Come on, come on
Well, I didn't chase him until the other council
The first time you say take it, the second time you say I'll take it
People walking in Kurdish clothes
It has nothing to do with you
don't go! don't go!
Well, nobody loves the law as much as I do
huh? You were with me
They receive and give them permission
It doesn't have cookies
It doesn't have a cookie haram
My eye, you are badly ill
Well, we have two types of gasoline
It was true that I saw on television that it was their belongings
Don't burn yourself
it's okay
The oppressed, the poor and the needy
For what was set
I say it's ours, I don't mean to take it
You bought me six thousand things for nothing
No one has a limit to you, my eye
He brought it at midnight
You don't understand well, boy
Why am I a Hammurabim and then he makes me a bottom?
So that people can use it
By God, he's right, I don't know the policeman
The world is on the back of a cow
Why don't you go to two jobs?
by god it's weird
Come here, come here, how do I know now?
Countries with etiquette police have a lot of police
When is your name Hama Karim? You are not a municipality
Well, have you ever seen a sheep?
I'm just saying, Mr. Karim, why don't you talk about it?
All right, sir, I'll take it and I'll disappear around
Where, where, beautifully, beautifully, I watched what you were laughing at
That's right, oh, he came to Loy by letter now
How much gasoline is it?
Oh, welcome back, please
You have no respect for the law
That's right to shout at him
It's okay, we're old and young
That boy is not wrong. We are old and disabled
You come back in six months
Where is the opium and the smuggled gold?
I'm not saying anything, but they're liars
Well, then he doesn't arrest you, call him on the hospital phone
Here I am saying it is not ours
You talk about those Kurdish national products
I don't mind you guys
Khara, we have two
You look at the poor man! My father, I'm a policeman
Tell me what Dad is listening to and let him listen
Boy, you're saying don't be destroyed in the ears of Mart's sleeping cow
Well, you misunderstood the good news
You think they don't have those dirty deeds anymore
Oh, boy, don't leave him, don't leave him to hell
Come on, let me take you
Please, sir, I don't want to be here
He should have gone inside
Well, there was a deficiency. How
But you are an experienced man
It's forbidden today
What do you want to tell me?
It is not pulled, it is held
Mercy on the religion
Oh, make him ten squares so humiliating
Oh, Badri Khan, you are watching this cosmetic surgery
Thank you instead of congratulations
He's the owner here now you know
When his time came, he said, "Come on, sir, go here, okay?"
What does he do and what does he do? I heard that
Now you say, do you have an order for us to carry out?
Should he wait six months?
Are you an asshole or do you think we are assholes? !
why are you proud of that
For a ball or a ball
Yala ! he says come on! yalla go go ! what is it you sent me !
welcome to you
You know my relative is a teacher at the university
Why don't they go to the sea and its water?
Well, then let me take you something
I have Malaysian code and Kurdish code
Well, he's right
I'm going to put it in all the newspapers
And you haven't understood the alphabet yet
You say you have nothing to do with the law
they go inside
They distribute these grandmothers to the snakes
You like to make a lot of noise for others
Oh, how can you go in without anxiety?
AA, it is seven and fifty dinars deficient
no no ! Knowledge, you guys! There is no knowledge.
How did you see your two relatives?
If you agree or go to the door
We will email it back to Mary Her Majesty
I am sure there is no deficiency
You understood it well
The doctor is there
I don't have a friend. I'm going against the whole world.
There are jollanas and bulletproof vests
what about that bizhi ! He knew me, he was lying
That's right, they're all forbidden, dear.
That's the situation for God's sake
Boy, no, by God, you're right
Boy, why are you looking at it?
how do you know !
My throat was dry with you. God, where is your dry throat?
I apologize
where is it sir
Oh, come on, tell me your address
Sir, they have. I read it from the book.
Now, sir, why don't you stop talking?
from that lie !
Now you don't want a doctor
Please take it away
what does he do is he stubborn what does he say
Do what you do in that name
That's the philosopher. Luqman Hakima That's Plato.
One is Qanat Road and the other is Moulavi Road
I filled your mouth with mud! did i say so badly
Maybe the thing to cry for is the pressure
I mean, we couldn't do that with politics
What do you think, sir?
I'm jealous and oh that's it!
Stand in front of the College of Arts in the evening
Please if you don't cut those big words. I've become a Sahafi!
do you know what ! I remember you with the Qur'an
By Allah, by Allah, there are many errors in your words
Oh, if the ancients were right
A nashatima bo taftish u maftish
I said be one
And Alayka Salam, may God welcome you, Badr Khan
Come on, I'll draw the road. Your shoes are dirty. come on !
I wasn't an orphan with you! did you come there
That's what you're here for
They want to kill him
How can you not understand where that situation is?
Go, God bless you
Matter goes from a liquid state to a gas
I don't want to go inside
I know what it is ! I know what it is.
What have they done for them?
I was going to say you're too fat
why don't you play
Well, sir. Please, one of the boys had; what happened
Let's go to the doctor's room and write to him.
I say why don't you call me by my name?
Well, you know I'm going to cut the grass
Tell me your name so I can call you by it.
But I work with tomatoes every day.
Let's stop doing that.
Well, I have an appointment. He called me.
Ten whispers! Please if you don't leave.
Please don't get the five thousand.
Come on, come on! Please don't talk to me so I don't open my mouth!
What's your name, brother?
And all your souls will smell like oil.
Shalla every day of one.
This is Kurdish clothes Kurdish clothes!
Take it out and see if it's written on it or not
furnace under . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . I'll break your mouth and neck
I asked them and someone gave me an appointment here.
I can't stand it anymore, Doctor
I'll give you a lot, but don't move here right now
Is that the effect of the universe on the universe?
They like it. hopefully and they
Take advantage of your golden time until you meet him!
I don't have it in your eyes
please come on don't go crazy!
Well, it's not that damn phone that made my life hell
Why do I have electricity?
Boy, take it away, let Mart be like this. Let's have an income, when is money? !
No, no, there is better
Nothing like mine, sir
After all, there is not one lock, ten locks. !
No, Dad, he writes too.
I'll give it to you, just write in his notebook.
They sent it, thank you
Is it good for meat? Very nice meatballs.
No, no, you know what, it's not about chewing
Wow, wow, brother
come on. Why do you have a municipality?
You should not sleep while working again
We don't have anything of our own
I don't want to answer
Well, he did it on purpose
my father ! Tell him
It's just an antique with a lot of wonderful information about you
No, it turned out to be blame
Go tell the agriculture department
Where is the good thing?
Ws orphan ! People are sitting. That's when the doctor came.
what don't you see
On the other hand, they said you were sugar
Atosh and I will talk about two things later.
Oh ! That's the thing. I know, it's branded cholesterol.
Of course he won't forget.
Well, that makes sense.
the stubbornness; one stubbornness; Wachi things haven't happened yet.
sir, who do you want?
Boy, cover it, sir, cover it
our problem? ! Let me plead.
Why are you so unscrupulous, Rahma Khan?
The road is not trafficked now.
Who do you understand us to be?
Sir, in a country where everyone does their own thing.
do you know Oh, how rich and cheap people are
do you know Oh, how rich and alive people are
who says
May your table be prosperous
I am Nain's wife
Wait, Jalal and I will talk to him ourselves
Then I'm so miserable
Boy, you turned my snake into a lion
My kidney hurts, that's for my kidney, that's for Ngo's kidney
why did you come down
Well done without an accent
Stop, don't hurry me
See the size of your snake in the second
They seem to have reunited
You used to be better, you were more restrained
I couldn't stand it anymore
Why did Bonnie say okay, eat it
You just have to go here
Mr. Mukhrij decided to give me one of the main roles
I recognize the smell of my son
Well, he bothered us
come on
It's like a goalie
Well, Nasrin, thank you
Look at the language! you say bread
One twice three times! You'll still forget
He's laughing hot
You're faster than that
You can't walk away! get off
who are they sir
A car came
Mart is prosperous, charitable
What is this noise? !
Mother ! what about the flower basket Did you forget those?
My job is to give it to me
don't laugh
Patience, Dad, patience
Well, you're not running?
What is a circle, a cluster?
They are guests, what can I do with them?
Mother Mina said I have a job, he will come back now
It doesn't matter, eat your dolma
There's nothing left
Why is Newroz so late?
It's a shame, it doesn't bind
Look for him, Mother, come on
My head is spinning in the elevator
Choose it yourself
It's not worth it
The woman said, "I swear to you, how did you get that raisin?"
Get me into the job
I couldn't stand it anymore
go to bed
Well, wait, I'm going
I don't dare come over
We went to a neighborhood battle, they beat us and we came back
It doesn't matter, my sweetheart, give me a kiss, sir
Sir, God healed you
over the eyes
Boy, let's see the tape
It's not the kind you thought it was
Talk together
Will you leave me or not?
Like it, it's childish
Oh, how can I get it?
The woman was helpless. The man will be angry.
Don't be afraid the night I don't go to the city of emphasis
Boy, look for it! what's your relationship look for it
Whoever came, I wrote the list. give it to him.
You stupid boy, why don't you understand that a hundred people want to come?
oh shit on my head! By God, he's gone from me now
what do the neighbors say
The other one nodded and said the glass was broken
We will not allow ourselves to be embarrassed
I have to go and get money from them today
Get up and call him
Smuggled and exiled, but God had mercy on us
martan be so ! Well, you took my shame
why are you like this sir don't worry
We are allowed to come inside
Boy, they're coming and they won't eat us
No, no, don't cry, it's okay, God is great
how many numbers do you have
They took blood from me twice a day
Orphan, I'll give you a slap without any tea
They beautified him when he came back
Someone has a policy that doesn't bring a piece of dirty net
What do you mean by that?
Let me explain to you now
Well, nothing, they have an electricity problem
Give him a gift if he won
I came there and he was greeting you.
my life ! I came stealing until no one saw me